Improve nesting selector example by noting cross-browser limitations (#29562)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_nesting/using_css_nesting/index.md

}
```

> This CSS uses nesting to create compound selectors. The top-level selector defines the basic styles for an element with `class="notice"`. The `&` nesting selector is then used to create compound selectors for elements with either `class="notice warning"` or `class="notice success"`. In this example, we also create compound selectors with nesting without explicitly using `&`, such as the selector `.notice .notice-heading:before`.

Reviewer: Added a bit more context in the first sentence to say up front that compound selectors are being created "with and without `&`". Tweaked the new sentence for flow from the previous text (more like a style preference).
```suggestion
In the CSS code below, nesting is used to create compound selectors both with and without `&`. The top-level selector defines the basic styles for elements with `class="notice"`. The `&` nesting selector is then used to create compound selectors for elements with either `class="notice warning"` or `class="notice success"`. Additionally, the use of nesting to create compound selectors without explicitly using `&` can be seen in the selector `.notice .notice-heading:before`.
```
